National Grid and Warwick Uni Jam Competition Terms and Conditions 

The following terms and conditions shall apply to the National Grid and Warwick Uni Jam Competition (the “Competition”).

1.	The “Promoter” for the purpose of this Competition and these terms and conditions is National Grid UK Limited, Company Number 04508773 1-3 The Strand London WC2N 5E.

2.	The Competition is open to any person (“Entrant”) who Works for the Promoter or any of its affiliates as a permanent employee or a contractor as at the Closing Date of the Competition (as defined below), other than anyone who is a member of or related to a member of the judging panel for the Competition; and

3.	Teams shall be made up of a minimum of three and maximum of five entrants. Only one entry is permitted per team.  Multiple entries will deem all affected entries invalid.  

4.	The Competition will begin at 1pm on 28th October 2015 and close at 1pm on 25th November 2015 (“Closing Date”). Entry to the Competition requires submission of an entry form as described in paragraph 5 below.

5.	Entrants must attend an initial session on 28th October 2015 to register their teams and present their results to the panel on 25th November 2015 to be eligible to win the prize. 

6.	Entries submitted other than in accordance with these terms and conditions may be disqualified. The Promoter reserves the right to request proof of identity. The Promoter will not be able to return entries.

7.	Entries must reach the Promoter at the contact details listed above by the Closing Date. Any entries received after this time and date will be disqualified. The Promoter will not be responsible for any website failures or availability.

8.	Any content or materials supplied as part of any entries must comply with the following:-
8.1.	it must not be obscene, abusive, offensive or racist and it must not promote or propose hatred or physical harm against anyone;
8.2.	it must not harass or bully another person;
8.3.	it must be true and honest so far as you know;
8.4.	it must not be defamatory of anyone;
8.5.	it must not use the material or content or infringe the rights or privacy of anyone else;
8.6.	it must not contain someone else’s personal details or confidential information relating to other people;
8.7.	it must not contain anything that could cause damage the goodwill of the Promoter or any of its affiliates or which could bring the Promoter its affiliates, the name “National Grid” into disrepute; and/or
8.8.	it must not promote or condone terrorism, violence or illegal behaviour. 

We reserve the right to refuse to accept or refuse or cease to use any content supplied by any person that we think contravenes these rules.

9.	There will be one winning team. 

The prizes available to be won in the Competition are as follows:

9.1.	The prize for the winning team is one iPad Air 2 for each team member and one Google Nexus 5x mobile phone for each team member. 


Prizes are non-transferable. No cash alternatives will be offered. The Promoter reserves the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value at any time.

10.	The judges’ decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. Every effort shall be taken to ensure that the judging panel does not know the identity of Entrants at the time of judging.

11.	A meeting will be held by 28th November 2015 (the “Notification Date”) where the winners will be notified, provided however that the Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any winning team and to nominate another winning team in their place if a member of the winning team has ceased to be a permanent employee or a contractor of the Promoter or any of its affiliates as at the closing date of the Competition or if the Promoter is unable to notify a winner by the Notification Date. The names of the winner(s) of the Competition are available on request.

12.	The Promoter reserves the right but shall have no obligation to develop and/or take forward any concepts described in any entries for use by it. 

13.	By entering the Competition participants agree that the Promoter will be able to freely use the content of any entry without compensation. All intellectual property rights (“IPR”) in entry will be transferred to the Promoter. It is conditional upon the acceptance of the title of Winner and upon the receipt of any prize from the Promoter that the Winner, if requested by the Promoter enters into a legal assignment with the Promoter, in order to assign all and any IPRs in or connected to the winning entry. The Winner should be clear that they are wholly transferring all and any IPR and by entering the Competition, all Entrants will be deemed to have waived all moral rights relating to their entries. 

14.	Entrants may be requested to take part in post-competition publicity for the Promoter, but, the Promoter will not involve any winner or runner up in any internal or external publicity without first agreeing on an approach to handling the publicity with the winner(s) or runner(s) up.

15.	The Promoter reserves the right to cancel the Competition or amend the rules of the Competition at any time, without notice, in the event of any event outside the Promoter’s reasonable control (including unavailability of any website or system used to run the Competition. Neither the Promoter nor its affiliates will have any liability arising from such cancellation or amendment.

16.	The Promoter will only ever use personal details for purposes of administration of this Competition as described in these terms and conditions and will not publish them (except as set out in clause 16) or provide them to anyone, other than to its affiliates and its/their agents for such administrative purposes, without the permission of the Entrant. For further details, please see National Grid’s Privacy Policy on: http://infonetukportal/C19/Legal/Article%20Pages_Legal/irm_information_disclosure.aspx.

17.	No purchase is necessary to enter the Competition.

18.	For any query or complaint in relation to the Competition, please contact David Goldsby on 07825 297141 or David.Goldsby@nationalgrid.com. Please do not send entries to this address. In the event of any dispute regarding these terms and conditions, the conduct of any Entrant, the results of the Competition or any other matter relating to the Competition, the decision of the Promoter shall be final and no correspondence or discussion shall be entered into. 

19.	These terms and conditions and any non-contractual obligations arising in connection with them shall be governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any dispute arising out of or in connection with them including (without limitation) disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations.
